---
author: martin.ankerl@gmail.com
comments: true
date: 2005-09-21 04:57:19+00:00
layout: post
link: http://martin.ankerl.com/2005/09/21/design/
slug: design
title: Design?
wordpress_id: 22
categories:
- meta
---


	

Please tell me what you think about the design of this site. Is it hard to read? This is a test posting to demonstrate how all the formatting looks like. This is **bold**, and this is _italic_. A link [looks like this](http://google.com), and now to a blockquote:


	

<blockquote>There is a theory which states that if ever anybody discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.  

- Douglas Adams
> 
> </blockquote>


	

Now, this is how <del>removed text</del> looks like, and inserted text. Now what about smilies? :-) and here are some more: ;-) :-( :D :o 8O :? 8-) :x :P :| :mrgreen: Also see [https://codex.wordpress.org/Using_Smilies](this).


	

This is how a bullet list looks like:


	


	
  * First item,

	
  * second item,

	
  * third item.

	
	

An ordered list:


	


	
  1. First item,

	
  2. second item,

	
  3. third item.

	
	

Now to some code: `#define void int` That's it. And now to the `more` tag: 


	


	

This is how a very long pre formatted text looks like:


	
    
    small, #sidebar ul ul li, #sidebar ul ol li, .nocomments, .postmetadata, blockquote, pre, strike {


	

The same as tt (or code):  

small, #sidebar ul ul li, #sidebar ul ol li, .nocomments, .postmetadata, blockquote, pre, strike {





* * *



Here is the AdSense success formula from AdSense team.





  1. A content-rich page = Highly-targeted ads

  2. Highly-targeted ads + Interested users = Healthy clickthrough & conversion rates

  3. Healthy clickthrough & conversion rates = Success!

Source: Mike Gutner - AdSense Optimization Team



  * Item one, with teletype stuff in it.
    
    preformatted stuff



  * Another item



So to conclude:
A content-rich page + Interested users = Success!
